Cloud for AI
Assignment Task 2
Task 2: Build an ML solution
A quick reminder.
This is not a Machine Learning class so I won't pay a lot of attention to your modeling ML
skills here. For me, it's much more important to acquire good working principles rather than
deliver a good project!
Objectives of the assignment:

Build an ML solution to the selected problem
Do proper model selection by trying different models
Evaluate properly!
Think of ways to improve.
Stay aligned with scoping and keep deployment into consideration.

We have talked about modelling and how to write production level code.
I have uploaded a number of different examples of how to solve tasks. Please follow the
guidelines on the courses to build your solution.
You can always look at solutions at Kaggle!
I ask for the following:
●​ Some Data exploration with at least 2 graphs and 2 findings.
●​ At least 2-3 models with different complexities (examples are linear regression,
logistic regression, Random Forest, XGBoost, any Neural Network)
○​ Pick any models you want
●​ (Optional) Try tuning at least one of the models (feature selection, feature
engineering, hyperparameter tuning)
●​ (Optional) Build an ensemble of the models you made
●​ Evaluate your predictions properly on the selected metrics (report any accuracy
improvements on finetuning)
●​ Report if you are aligned with your initial scoping

You will be evaluated on the following:

Your model solves the task (Do not mind the accuracy)
You evaluate properly
You do not fall into common pitfalls (data leakage etc)


You deliver clean code
You are aligned with scoping and have deployment in

To deliver:
-​ A zip with .ipynb (or a set of .py) files with the work you have done.
-​ A small report (1-2 pages) describing your implementation.
-​ Also include the usage of any AI tools and why/how you have used them.
-​ (Optional) A .py script with cleaned code

Final Notes:
If you have any questions, concerns, or anything you want to discuss please email me so we
can sort it out!
